Test words for French

Based on:

[1] Rob. Meyer, Lehrbuch der französischen Stenographie (Système unifié, 
offizielle Fassung) für Kenner des Systems Stolze-Schrey, 13. Auflage 1979,
Verlang und Buchhandlung des Allgemeinen Schweizerischen Stenografenvereins,
Druckerei Wetzikon AG, 8620 Wetzikon.

Abbreviations:

CH = chapter
(1)(2)(3) etc. = exercise number

Comments:

In some occasions, several variants have been added.
Doubts are marked with (?).

Words:

CH1)

(1)
alpe, alpes, téléphone, téléphones, système, systèmes, égal, égale, égales, max, 
route, routes, boxer, mer, mère, maire, mers, mères, maires, timide, timides, 
ordinaire, ordinaires, délégué, déléguée, délégués, déléguées, organe, organes,
taxe, taxes, poule, poules, espère, espères, fixé, fixer, fixée, fixés, fixées, 
mal, mals, mâle, mâles, gouter, gouters, gouté, goutée, goutées, peine, peines,
fatiguer, fatigué, fatigués, fatiguée, fatiguées, respect, ours, tolérer, toléré,
tolérés, tolérée, tolérées, aimer, aimé, aimée, aimés, aimées, aider, aidé, aidée,
aidés, aidées, êtes, guerre, guerres, guère, des têtes, ses idées, ces idées, 
harmoniser, harmonisé, harmonisée, harmonisés, harmonisées, ôte, ôtes, haute, 
hautes, hotte, hottes, hôtel, hôtels, hélas, hypothèse, hypothèses, habite, 
habites, Hélène, c'est habile, l'hôpital, n'espérez, l'idée, d'égal, n'aspirez,
s'estimer, larme, larmes, l'arme, l'armée, l'aspect, l'air, l'os, né, naît, nez,
c'est organisé, sténographe, libre, libres, phrase, phrases, propre, propres, 
titre, titres, progrès, après, mes ordres, problème, Glaris, blâmer, blâmé, 
blâmée, blâmés, blâmées, merle, merles, noble, nobles, faible, faibles, parlèrent,
double, doubles, s'établir, perle, perles, blouse, blouses, probable, probables,
près, prêt, prêts, plaisir, plaisirs, ses églises, idéaliste, réorganiser, 
réorganisé, réorganisée, réorganisés, réorganisées, théâtral, théâtrale, agréer,
agréé, agréée, agréés, agréées, réel, réels, poète, poètes, bateau, bateaux, 
Noël, Noëls, beau, beaux, baux, Louise, Édouard, souhaiter, souhaité, souhaitée,
souhaités, souhaitées, trou, trous, ouïr, feu, feux, deux, bleuâtre, eux, naïf,
aérer, aéré, aérée, aérés, aérées, trahir, haïr
